Adopt `:autosummary:` in `torchaudio.transforms` module doc (#2683)
pytorch/audio: docs/source/transforms.rst

torchaudio.transforms
=====================

.. currentmodule:: torchaudio.transforms

> :mod:`torchaudio.transforms` module contains common audio processings and feature extractions. The following diagram shows the relationship between some of the transforms available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`torchaudio.transforms` module contains common audio processings and feature extractions. The following diagram shows the relationship between some of the available transforms.
```

.. image:: https://download.pytorch.org/torchaudio/tutorial-assets/torchaudio_feature_extractions.png

> Transforms are implemented using :class:`torch.nn.Module`. Common ways to build a processing pipeline is to define custom Module class or chain Modules together using :class:`torch.nn.Sequential`, then moving it to target device and data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transforms are implemented using :class:`torch.nn.Module`. Common ways to build a processing pipeline are to define custom Module class or chain Modules together using :class:`torch.nn.Sequential`, then move it to a target device and data type.
```

   class MyPipeline(torch.nn.Module):
       def __init__(
           self,
           input_freq=16000,
           resample_freq=8000,
           n_fft=1024,
           n_mel=256,
           stretch_factor=0.8,
       ):
           super().__init__()
           self.resample = Resample(orig_freq=input_freq, new_freq=resample_freq)

           self.spec = Spectrogram(n_fft=n_fft, power=2)

           self.spec_aug = torch.nn.Sequential(
               TimeStretch(stretch_factor, fixed_rate=True),
               FrequencyMasking(freq_mask_param=80),
               TimeMasking(time_mask_param=80),
           )

           self.mel_scale = MelScale(
               n_mels=n_mel, sample_rate=resample_freq, n_stft=n_fft // 2 + 1)

       def forward(self, waveform: torch.Tensor) -> torch.Tensor:
           # Resample the input
           resampled = self.resample(waveform)

           # Convert to power spectrogram
           spec = self.spec(resampled)

           # Apply SpecAugment
           spec = self.spec_aug(spec)

           # Convert to mel-scale
           mel = self.mel_scale(spec)

           return mel

.. code::

   # Instantiate a pipeline
   pipeline = MyPipeline()

>    # Move the computation graph to CUDA

Reviewer: could be good to move this to a dtype as well for demonstration

Author: done

   pipeline.to(device=torch.device("CUDA"))

   # Perform the transform
   features = pipeline(waveform)

> Please checkout tutorials that cover in-depth usage of trasforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check out tutorials that cover in-depth usage of trasforms.
```

.. minigallery:: torchaudio.transforms

Utility
-------

.. autosummary::
    :toctree: generated
    :nosignatures:

    AmplitudeToDB
    MelScale
    InverseMelScale
    MuLawEncoding
    MuLawDecoding
    Resample
    Fade
    Vol
    Loudness

Feature Extractions
-------------------

.. autosummary::
    :toctree: generated
    :nosignatures:

    Spectrogram
    InverseSpectrogram
    MelSpectrogram
    GriffinLim
    MFCC
    LFCC
    ComputeDeltas
    PitchShift
    SlidingWindowCmn
    SpectralCentroid
    Vad

Augmentations
-------------

> The following transforms implements popular augmentation techniques known as *SpecAugment* :cite:`specaugment`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following transforms implement popular augmentation techniques known as *SpecAugment* :cite:`specaugment`.
```
